On the blue land, well then, the pre-Odo of the Railway.
And Mrs. Williams, T-Mine, appeal.
Guadu, we hang, go back to them.
And we have the new one, T-Mine, and appeal.
And then, right, we show the Domingo.
We go with the little pearl, and a ray.
And we pray for it, the first time.
In the first chapter of the Bible, we pray for the Eucharist.
And, in the last year, the Jews lived in Morwa House near the bond.
You know, Morwa House, right here in the first house,
in the middle of the city of Gorren, near the town of Llywynor.
We were the first Jews in the bond.
At the beginning of the year, we had to move the T-Mine,
where the other one was, to the old town of Dje.
And they were, in Morwa House, a town near Llywynor,
to the first street in the bond.
Now, do you know what the T-Mine is?
It's a small bond.
I think it's in India.
I don't know if you know, but it's in America.
I don't know if you know.
I don't know.
I remember Watkin Wynne, why is he so fond of you?
In America, like other nations,
he didn't treat you like Watkin Wynne did he?
But they persuaded the late Matthew Jorreit, you know, to agree.
I bought a big, small boat,
and I carried it to the U.S.
And I went with it to the city of Berlin,
Ollerburt, in Lland.
But when I saw Mrs. Matthews,
the small boat,
I went down to the ground,
and I saw that the boat didn't reach the ground,
and I went down to the sea.
And the boat didn't reach America.
And I remember, I told people,
I have a small bond,
and I went to the city of Lodeo,
and I went to the sea,
and I saw Matthews, and I thought,
I'm going to help him.
He was a little bit of an Arab,
I told him,
I'm going to make a big bond,
and I told him,
I'm going to make a big bond with the U.S.
because it was a great job,
a great job for me,
to have a bond with the U.S.
I want to tell you about it.
And the way he did it,
he was cutting every piece of wood,
and he saw the wood,
and he went down to the sea,
and he saw a big rock,
and he thought,
oh, there's a big rock there,
and if I go there,
I'll find a big bond with the U.S.
And he cut the wood,
and he cut the wood,
and he had a knife,
and he cut the wood around the wood,
and he said,
dear me,
I'll cut every single one of them,
and I'll put them in the box.
It was a big job.
And he said,
he said,
the box is a big one,
and he said,
and of course,
the box was a big one,
And he went down to the sea,
and he saw a big rock,
and he cut the wood,
and he thought,
oh, there's a big rock there,
and he cut the wood,
and he found a big one,
and he put it in the box.
And he saw a big rock,
and he said,
I'll put another one in the box.
And he put the rock in the box,
and he cut the wood,
and he found a big rock,
and he put two of them in the box.
And he said,
two big rocks.
And he cut the wood,
and he said,
and he found a big rock,
and he put two of them in the box,
and he cut the wood.
And he put two of them in the box,
He cut the wood.
And he thought,
oh, here's another one.
Oh, he put another one.
And he cut the wood.
And the people in the room are not in the group.
And they're here to learn and learn at the Royal College of Surgeons.
And they've got a grimy thing to do.
If you don't learn your language, you're going to break your own body.
And I don't like to have conversations like that.
Long ago, people used to say,
I don't like the way things are.
I want to have a little bit of a conversation with them.
Small people,
you know, they're not going to do anything to me.
I don't know what to do.
They're very, very good at it.
The great British, the great British.
A thousand of them.
And Matthew was a good man.
He was a very good man.
And I don't know how many of them are still alive.
I don't know.
I don't know if they're alive.
I've been in the room for nine years.
And I've been defending the gun.
And someone said,
Now,
And as physical 230 here
But Matthew said he had given the man a big bottle of water to drink.
He wanted to drink, of course.
He didn't have a drink with him, but he had it in his hand.
I thought to myself, I can't imagine what he was thinking at the time.
I thought he was a good man.
I was a little boy who drank water.
I was a little boy, and I had a little thing in my hand.
I didn't have a drink with me.
I was a little boy, of course.
I was nine years old when I got drunk.
They were all saying, I want to drink coffee with coffee.
I was drinking coffee for two days.
I drank coffee for two days.
Of course, I don't know if I'm drunk, but I was a little boy.
I was nine years old when I got drunk.
I drank coffee for two days.
I was a little boy.
The way I was drinking coffee.
Slowly, slowly, I drank coffee with coffee.
I thought to myself, Matthew,
then the Holy方 student,
then the Schueter student,
I thought to myself, I think,
I'm going to tell you.
The lamb has a key.
Let me go to the street.
Let me go to the gumbo gum.
I'll have sweet beer in the bowl for me.
I'll be back in a little bit.
I'm going to put a hand in the gumbo gum.
And the mother more than galore is the one.
Doctor,
I'm going to the right.
And then I give William.
You know my William, you know?
No,
I'm going to tell you.
He's my father,
no.
I'm going to touch him from the front.
He's my father,
he's my father,
and he knows my name.
And my name is William.
He's going to write to me.
I need to prepare for the不行.
Oh, but I do remember.
And he got me on the cad and said,
but I love him now.
But when I go to the grass back,
he asked me where I got John.
I'm going to ask him.
I got John in this keyboard.
Let you soon as you knew them.
Oh, my will around.
Did he go get him?
And I said, oh, my will around.
And John, I'm going to ask him.
I got John in this keyboard.
And I'm going to ask him.
Let you soon as you knew him.
Oh, my will around.
Did he go get him?
I'm going to ask him.
I got John in this keyboard.
Hold on
and act out the mission of the gift.
And they are in acturion.
For the most part, they are in acturion.
Very, very, very good.
And then, feeling left,
go into your pot of cove.
That was the destination, wasn't it?
Go into your pot of cove.
The Bible was in it.
And the story goes,
That you go into the pot of cove.
There, that's where it was.
Yes.
But you go into the pot of cove.
To your pot of cove.
Oh.
Good night.
Good evening.